My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
Kokkuri-san, Kokkuri-san.
Tell us whom Kamioka likes.
Hi, To, Mi
It's Hitomi!
Don't you really like Hitomi?
No. That's not true.
Look, Hitomi is blushing too.
Hitomi
Does this mean
a bookworm couple is born?
-Teacher, how about Takahashi?
-No, I'll pass.
-Well, Kokkuri-san, Kokkuri-san....
-Come on! Stop it!
Oh, Kokkuri-san? It's so dumb.
Don't play such a stupid game
just before the bell.
Playing Kokkuri-san
is for little kids.
Oh, it's so dumb. Stupid.
You know that Kokkuri-san is a
self-hypnotic trick. I heard it on TV.
Kokkuri-san, who has
the stinkiest feet in our class?
Mu, Ra, I
See, it is Murai!
-Well, I thought so.
-Maybe he's growing natto fungi there.
Kokkuri-san...
...is the rumor true
that he has crotch rot?
It says he does!
Who says so?
You bastard! I'll kill you!
Kokkuri-san, until what age
did Murai wet his bed?
What are you asking?
You don't believe in Kokkuri-san,
right? Then it shouldn't bother you.
Kokkuri-san, who has
a serious mother complex here?
Murai.
-I knew it!
-Because Murai's mother is a babe.
We declare you
King of Mother Complexes.
You baboon! Don't you be barking!
I'm gonna crack your head open!
Today's homeroom meeting's over.
-Someone, put up the attendance book.
-I'm gonna get you one day!
What? Let's do more.
Sorry, but I have a previous
engagement I can't change. See you!
Hey, hey. Wait. You!
What was that sound?
Why in the world is
a pack of natto here?
I vaguely remember that Onizuka-sensei
brought it during lunchtime.
Stinky!
Onizuka!
-Whose feet stinks and has crotch rot?
-Calm down.
-And who has a mother complex?
-Kunio!
Mom. What kind of outfit is that?
You like it?
Don't I look good in this?
Of course it looks good.
But not in public!
Your underwear's almost showing!
I was waiting for you guys.
Let's go bowling!
Come on. Bowling with a parent?
In the ninth grade?
Let's go. Let's go.
-Let me carry it for you.
-Thank you.
Hey, you guys!
That's strange.
I thought he was waiting here.
-Is there anyone else coming?
-Sorry to keep you waiting!
Hello, teacher!
Onizuka! Damn it!
Why did you come?
Is this the previous engagement
he was talking about?
You guys! That's exactly why
I invited him today.
I really need you to get along
with your teacher.
Let's go bowling together.
Oh! He clearly frowned just now!
He was saying, "Shh! Shh!"
What are you saying?
A teacher wouldn't do that.
Mom, you're being deceived!
I'm not gonna make dinner tonight!
I'm sorry for his attitude.
Oh, no problem.
Let's enjoy today.
Come on. Hurry, hurry.
Finally, finally, my Cresta is back.
It was worth begging.
Technically, I didn't destroy it.
So it shouldn't have been an issue.
-Vice Principal, we'll all be gone.
-Okay.
Please don't forget to lock up.
If I park it by the back gate,
it won't be damaged by Onizuka.
Don't touch it with your dirty hands!
Who the hell are you? Damn it!
I need to polish it.
Let's make you nice
and shiny, my Cresta!
Staff Room
She's gone, she's gone, she's gone!
Oh, my Cresta!
Rock and paper!
Team Smile
Team Frown
Then I'll go first.
-She did it!
-I did it, I did it, I did it!
Your form was excellent!
I know! You might not know,
but I wanted to be a pro bowler.
No wonder you are so good!
I'll kill you if you gutter-ball it.
Don't talk in your sleep, baboon!
Dear Kunio, the first throw goes
into the gutter? Don't worry!
It's a strike.
Teacher, don't pull my leg.
What is that submarine throw?
It's not baseball!
You're not Satonaka!
You idiot! It's going
into the next lane!
What?!
Strike! Victory!
What do you mean?
The pins are in pieces!
No pins are standing,
so it's a strike.
Hello, this is Murai.
What? Really?
Yes, yes, I understand.
Okay, okay. You'd do the same
for me if I were in trouble.
I'm sorry. I need to go
to the construction site.
The other crane driver,
Naka-chan, got hurt.
But enjoy the rest among yourselves.
I'm going straight to the site.
I'll pay!
Teacher, take care of the rest!
Oh, wait! Wait, mother!
Oh, man.
Why do I need to bowl with you?
With a kid with stinky feet.
That's my line, you baboon.
I'm gonna send you back to Africa!
-No way, Murai. Serious?
-That's not good.
Ouch! You bastard!
You idiot!
It happens when a baboon
challenges humans.
You brat. I was being easy on you
because you're a student.
Very well. I'm gonna kill you!
What fun!
What's with this?
I can't take my fingers out.
Could it be a curse?
You got tricked!
I thought this might happen!
So I put some crazy glue
in the holes. You idiot!
What?
Spend your life with balls
for hands like Doraemon!
Wait! Call a rescue crew!
-See you, Doraemon!
-Hey, wait a minute!
Murai....
That was the best!
The dumb look on Onizuka's face!
-Wasn't that too much?
-He was getting panicky.
Don't tell me you guys are
gonna be on Onizuka's side.
-It's not that.
-It's just that he is a teacher.
What are you afraid of?
It doesn't matter.
That baboon is gonna
get fired soon anyway.
Shit! Someone parked at
the wrong place on the street!
Hey, little boys! Do you have
a problem with our car?
Can you not touch it
with your dirty feet?
This is disastrous.
It's a brand-new car.
Oh, no. What are you gonna do
about all the scratches?
Scratched? I don't think so.
I just kicked the tire.
I couldn't have scratched it.
But there are scratches.
The only way to fix it
is to repaint it.
Do you know that repainting
a car costs a fortune?
-Look, here's a scratch too.
-You're just blowing smoke!
Ouch! I have a broken bone!
-Hang in there!
-Are you all right?
What? How could that break his bone?
It is broken.
We are calcium-deprived.
Or are you trying to say
my friends are lying?
It is broken big-time. I would say
it'll take 500 years to recover.
What will you do? Car repairs,
medical bills, plus punitive damage.
-It'll cost over a million yen.
-That's outrageous.
We'll kidnap and beat you guys up.
Then decide if you want to pay.
-Run!
-Bratty kids!
Kusano!
What's wrong? Aren't you gonna
run away? If you wanna run, go ahead!
If you go, we'll take really
good care of this guy.
In place of you.
-You guys fight dirty!
-What shall we do?
Is something wrong?
That's Onizuka. We're saved!
I'm not Onizuka.
I'm Doraemon from the 22nd century.
Doraemon
-Onizuka?
-Don't joke around, teacher!
Teacher? What are you talking about?
I told you I was Doraemon.
Hey, guys. Are you
harassing these kids?
Looks like fun. Can I join you?
-Could you give me a light?
-Oh, sure.
Who are you?
Me? I'm Doraemon.
I'm the head of the Santama group.
-You're the head of Santama?
-Right. Nice to meet you.
Why are you befriending them?
Aren't you a teacher?
You guys are so annoying.
I am Doraemon. I don't know you guys.
Unbelievable!
Well, if I were a teacher,
I would probably tell you guys this:
You should be men enough to
take care of your own problems.
-Let go of me! Shit!
-I'm telling you to stop!
-They look so dorky, like larvae!
-They look nice and warm!
-Now we have human punching bags!
-Hitting them should feel very real.
Do you think you can get away
with this? We'll report it!
Then you guys will--
A punching bag shouldn't be talking.
Hey, Joe! Show your punches
to the children of Namidabashi!
Rule number one for tomorrow:
Left jab to the inside.
-Hit! Hit!
-Please don't!
I will burn out till I turn to ashes.
-One, two--
-Wait!
-Teacher!
-What is it, Doraemon?
You guys are too lenient.
How long have you been gang members?
As a bystander,
I wouldn't be satisfied until...
...I see your manhood by dragging them
with a motorcycle around the city.
-Really?
-How about burning them alive?
-Target practice?
-Dipping them into the pond?
All of them lack true originality.
-What the hell?!
-Save us, teacher!
Oh, I know. Push them over!
A bungee jump from the Bay Bridge.
Isn't that cool?
Hey, Onizuka! You're joking, right?
-You're gonna kill us?
-Teacher, please!
Ready, set, go!
-Wow, it's outrageously high!
-It took five seconds!
Are you crazy? Are you seriously
gonna let them do this, Onizuka?
You'll be fine. We have rope.
-Those are for packing boxes!
-You usually use a bungee cord!
The right way is to use a rope.
Plastic stretches.
If you double it, it'll be fine.
-Okay, do you wanna get started?
-Yeah!
Stop, stop! Hey, let go!
Help, someone!
What a wimp!
You act so big at school.
When things get tough,
don't whine and count on others.
Show some guts.
Aren't you man enough?
Or are you just a guy
with a mother complex?
What did you say?
You couldn't protect the most important
thing for you the other day too.
No matter how he normally is,
he does what he needs to do.
That's how a man should be.
Very well, I'll show you I can jump!
-Murai....
-Don't be ridiculous!
If I jump, I'll never
let you touch my mother!
-Murai!
-Are you all right?
A perfect score, Kunio.
-Hold on! We'll pull you up.
-Murai!
This is entertaining!
Which brat will challenge his fear
of Bay Bridge bungee jumping?
Wait a second.
Doraemon, what are you doing?
What am I doing? The next is
your turn. You know, taking turns.
What are you saying? Don't make
stupid jokes! You're just Doraemon!
Who the hell is that?
What is it?
I've come to save Yuria
from you villains.
I'm Kenshiro!
Kenshiro
No joke!
Monster!
I won't let you get away!
The key is gone!
Get in, guys!
He is so used to it.
Is he really a teacher?
What an ordeal.
You bastard!
Damn it! He's coming after me!
Slow down!
You dummy! You're gonna end up
letting them get away!
I'll show you my skills!
What's up, Murai?
What are you looking at?
This is the vice principal's car!
Those guys stole his car!
What did you say?
Now we have to get revenge for him!
-You destroyed a trash can!
-Shut up! Be quiet!
Wow! A bicycle!
Wow! Traffic signs!
A mailbox!
Wow! A vending machine!
Hey, wait! You villain!
Please! Don't come!
Those two cars! Stop!
Hold up! Stop!
I'll never let him get away!
Please spare me, Doraemon!
Good morning!
My Cresta, where have you gone?
Vice Principal! Your car is
in the parking lot!
Was it found?
Let me through. Please move over!
My Cresta!
You must be the owner.
We need to ask you
some questions about a car chase.
-What?
-It won't take very long.
What is this?
-The vice principal in a car chase?
-I didn't do anything! I'm the victim!
Look at my Cresta! I....
Midnight Car Chase
Amazing! It's the top story!
Let me see. The criminal was
an animation character? So stupid!
It can't be true.
But it's amazing that
we got away from the police.
My driving technique is
as good as Initial D.
What? The car was totaled!
The streets in Tokyo are too narrow.
But I've never been so excited!
I thought so.
Hey, Kunio! Dearest Kunio!
Could you pass me
my cigarettes and lighter?
Hey, Murai. Are you still upset
about the bungee jump?
Just let it go.
It got us away from those jerks.
Come on, hurry up.
You hold grudges, don't you?
Kunio, don't take too much time--
You got tricked! So corny!
When you were busy reading the paper,
I turned the flame up.
Well, I'll call it even now.
You want me to be friendly
with you. I guess that's okay.
How can you call it even?
I'll get change.
What about my hair?!
You look like a juvenile delinquent
in an old cartoon!
Silver Fly
Don't laugh! I'm gonna make
all of you bungee jump again!
You and me, let's go away
To look for new emotions today
Together we can overcome
Because I want to enjoy a new tomorrow
Open your eyes and open the door
The world in front of your eyes
I want to go out
With my favorite sounds
I will taste my childhood emotions
I'm here to enjoy the sunlight
I'm enjoying myself
More than in the past
I want to see you, but I can't
So I just embrace my love
Even walking on a crowded street
Your smile makes my head spin
Next Episode
What? An underwear thief!
Isn't it possible that
a teacher is the thief?
That hurts.
Are you okay?
Wait, you're in my class.
My name is Tomoko Nomura.
But please call me Tomo-chan!